Small hint for PHP 8 (#204)
samdark/yii2-cookbook: book/ar-single-table-inheritance.md

        ];
    }
```

> Changes possible in PHP 8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using PHP 8 syntax
```

-------------------------

> In PHP 8 we can simplify instantiate method with new match expressions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PHP 8 we can simplify `instantiate()` method with new match expressions:
```

```php
public static function instantiate($row)
{
    return match ($row['type']) {
        SportCar::TYPE => new SportCar(),
        HeavyCar::TYPE => new HeavyCar(),
        default => new self
    };
}
```

> But if 'type' is integer (not string as in this example), it's necessary to retype $row['type'] to integerr, beacuse match expressions use strict comparison.
> Just replace `$row['type']` with `(int)$row['type']`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `type` is not a string as in this example but is an integer, it is necessary to cast `$row['type']` to `int`, beacuse match expressions use strict comparison. In this case replace `$row['type']` with `(int)$row['type']`.
```
